Here's a PSA to data scientists and developers.
Do you ever need to get your code-based analytics into slides?
Then definitely check out Quarto.
Quarto is an open-source tool for technical publishing.
It lets you combine code, output, and narrative,
say from an exploratory analysis script or your Jupyter Notebook or R Markdown doc,
and from that, publish all sorts of output, including presentations.
You can convert your work into a lovely set of slides.
There's nice support for PowerPoint as well as Beamer or LaTeX slides,
but let me show you how it works with a Reveal.js example.
You just add a little bit of YAML at the top of your doc
to tell Quarto how to publish your slides,
and you separate your slides using Markdown headers.
There's then a ton of options to customize your slides
and say and show exactly what you want.
In part two, I'll run through a bunch of your options.
Slide into your boss's DMs and quickly run through your analysis
with these sweet Quarto slides.
And follow up for more free and open-source data science content.